Schemaless (#143)
meilisearch/documentation: references/indexes.md

```bash
$ curl \
  -X GET 'http://localhost:7700/indexes/movie'
```

#### Response: `200 Ok`

```json
{
  "name": "movie",
  "identifier": "movie_id",
  "createdAt": "2019-11-20T09:40:33.711324Z",
  "updatedAt": "2019-11-20T10:16:42.761858Z"
}
```

## Create an index

<RouteHighlighter method="POST" route="/indexes"/>

Create an index.

> Takes as parameter a unique `uid` and **optionnaly** the name of the <glossary word="document identifier"/>: `identifier`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This route takes as parameter an unique `uid` and **optionally** the name of the <glossary word="document identifier"/>: `identifier`.
```

#### Body

| Variable  | Description           |
|-----------|-----------------------|
| **uid** | The index unique identifier |

> | **identifier** | the document <glossary word="attribute" /> of his unique identifier |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **identifier** | The document <glossary word="attribute" /> of its unique identifier |
```

Reviewer: And if you chose to use the glossary, instead of the link, you might change it everywhere.

> The body take at least an index uid. The document identifier is optionnal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The body takes at least an index uid. The document identifier is optional.
```
